Update dotnet-core.md to include DD_TRACE_LOGFILE_RETENTION_DAYS (#18618)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/dotnet-core.md

: Sets the directory for .NET Tracer logs. <br>
**Default**: `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\` on Windows, `/var/log/datadog/dotnet` on Linux

`DD_TRACE_LOGFILE_RETENTION_DAYS`

> : During the tracer's startup this configuration will use the tracers current log directory to delete log files equal and older than the given amount of days.  Added in version 2.19.0. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: During the tracer's startup, this configuration uses the tracer's current log directory to delete log files equal to and older than the given amount of days. Added in version 2.19.0. <br>
```
